Okay, good afternoon. Thanks for all the shareholders coming to CCET Opportunity Day. As you understand,
we are going to have a new share issue. That's why we want to take this opportunity to introduce,
to explain what kind of expansion that we will be doing with the new share coming in.
So, can we go to the next page?
White Chairman of the Company.
Chief Strategic Officer of the Company.
Managing Director.
Company Overview
Company Overview
Okay, good afternoon. I am Tony Cho. First of all, I would like to take this opportunity
to give you a brief introduction about our company overviews. KioCom Thailand Company was
established in 1989. Our business is a global E&S ODM manufacturing service. Our headquarters
located in Thailand. There are totally 23,477 employees in Thailand and globally totally
46,759 employees. Currently, our capital is totally 5.85 billion baht. Our outstanding share
in Thailand totally 4.79 billion shares. In Taiwan, totally 1.06 billion TDR shares.
Our main product types including storage devices, printer products, PC board assembly,
smart course machines, shuttle bus devices, EV charger, home wireless security system,
smart wearable devices, and more. Our manufacturing location including Thailand,
China, Singapore, Malaysia, the Philippines, USA, Mexico, and Brazil, totally 33 factories
worldwide. Our revenue last year achieved 4.9 billion US dollars. Our worldwide factories
totally 33 factories and employees totally 46,759 employees. Our total length area totally 2.1
million square meters and the factory floor area totally 1.4 million square meters.
PioCom is the number one E&S JDM and ODM in Southeast Asia. We have factories in Thailand,
Philippines, and Malaysia of Southeast Asia. Especially the factories in Thailand which has
been established for over 33 years and currently has plans for further expansion in Thailand.
Due to worldwide manufacturing comes at China plus one. So currently many of
branding customers move their manufacturing from operation from China to Southeast Asia.
So we have operation in Thailand, Philippines, Malaysia, and Southeast Asia.
For Thailand our length area totally about one million square meters and our factories
floor area totally 576,705 square meters. Our total employees in Thailand 23,477
employees. There are 16 factories in Thailand. Our Philippines operation length area
uh uh totally 276,707 square meters. Our floor our factories floor area totally
204,797 square meters. In the Philippines our employees totally 11,320 employees.
There are totally seven factories in our Philippine side. In Malaysia we have our
length area 9,583 square meters and our floor area totally 5,864 square meters.
There are 132 employees in our Malaysia site. We have only one factory in Malaysia.
Our products uh about the store sort of storage uh uh we have a PC board assembly for hard disk
driver external hard disk and NAS server PC board assembly and the finished goods assembly SSD
and the memory card and the pen driver non-store energy products including EV charge charger
smart wearable device home wireless security system smart pause solar power module iot devices
and the sensor and the ip camera our printer products including 3d printer uh inject multi
function printer colorless multi-function printer and the all-in-one printer uh about the communication
uh including odn hdpr setup bus oen dvbtvr setup bus odn dvbs setup bus odn iptv setup bus
wi-fi ap and the mobile phone
okay so uh i would like to further show you about uh our manufacturing base in
thailand by playing uh six minutes uh video clip
so
so
so
so
so
so
so
so
so
I'm going to show you a little bit of what it looks like when you put it in the water.
I'm going to show you a little bit of what it looks like when you put it in the water.
I'm going to show you a little bit of what it looks like when you put it in the water.
I'm going to show you a little bit of what it looks like when you put it in the water.
I'm going to show you a little bit of what it looks like when you put it in the water.
I'm going to show you a little bit of what it looks like when you put it in the water.
I'm going to show you a little bit of what it looks like when you put it in the water.
I'm going to show you a little bit of what it looks like when you put it in the water.
I'm going to show you a little bit of what it looks like when you put it in the water.
I'm going to show you a little bit of what it looks like when you put it in the water.
I'm going to show you a little bit of what it looks like when you put it in the water.
I'm going to show you a little bit of what it looks like when you put it in the water.
Next, let me introduce the executive summary about the operational highlights and business
overviews for the first half of the year 2023.
Electronic products worldwide were impacted by the global inventory issue and the global weak economic situation during the first half year of 2023.
Therefore, the sales revenue has slightly reduced by 4.45 percent for the first half year of 2023.
But at the same time, the company has been through some internal cost improvement and organization restructuring,
as well as continuously enhanced our automated production system.
Therefore, the overall net profit has increased by 77.79 percent as compared to the previous year, 2022.
On the other hand, although the global electronics market trend is yet to be fully recovered,
the company has few more new product implementation since year 2021.
Therefore, the company still has positive views for the overall performance in year 2023.
So you can see since 2021, our revenue gradually increased due to a few more new customers and new products coming.
About the fund-raising program for the company's business implementation plan.
The company has resolved the fund-raising program by the insurance and allocation of new issued ordinary shares to the company's shareholders
and shall propose for the shareholders meeting approval plans.
The rest amount should be mainly to support the factory's expansion plans in Thailand and consider that currently factory capacity are reaching its maximum capacity.
Therefore, the company should have an initial plan to construct another four factory facilities with an approaching three-year investment budget plan of US$178 million in order to support the business in the near future.
Subsequently, with the capital injection, the company will also be able to enhance the financial structure of the company by reducing approximately about US$14 million financial costs annually in seeking to reduce the uncertainties and impacts later.
This is derived from the current global monetary policy race. Overall, it will improve the probability of the company.
About our dividend payment for the first half year of 2023.
The company consistent dividend payment for the past years and has resolved to pay out the internet dividend at 0.0041 per share for the first half year of 2023,
which is about 36% of the company consolidated net profit for the first half year of 2023.
The record date for the shareholders who entitled the right to receive the internet dividend was August 30, 2023 and the dividend payment has paid on September 12, 2023.
So you can see our sales revenue at the first half year of 2023 slide reduced 4.45% compared to last year. But our net profit achieved US$646 million.
It's much better than last year, the first half year. So at the first half year of 2023, the company paid 0.004 dividend. It's better than last year.
That's all for our company overview. Thank you very much. Thank you.
There are 4 types of products or programs that we produce.
For example, we produce non-stallage printing or communication radio.
Since Thailand is the main point of production, we plan to expand the factory in Thailand to accept new orders in the coming years.
So we have a project to increase the RO fund to create another 4 factories using about US$178 million to accept orders in the future.
After that, the company's investment can help to improve the company's financial structure by reducing the financial investment by about US$14 million or about US$486 million.
It can help to reduce uncertainty and impact that may occur from the global pandemic. It can also help to increase the company's financial stability.
In the past, the company has always been paying dividends. This year, we have been paying dividends in the form of 0.004 baht per share for the first half of 2016.
Now, let's hear about the second financial highlight.
Hello. Let's talk about the financial performance.
First, I will talk about the profit and loss.
This is a chart that we compared the first half of 2020 to the first half of 2022 so that you can see the comparison.
In the beginning, the sales may have decreased a little compared to last year.
But overall, whether it is the initial profit or the net profit, it has increased by more than last year.
I will talk a little bit about the profit and loss from the financial system.
Currently, the global economy is a monetary system.
The net profit has increased by about 2-3 times in the past year.
Therefore, the profit from the financial system has also increased.
This is one of the main reasons why we have the desire to offer RO this time.
Next, let's look at the sales of the first half of 2023.
It is at 2,200 million yen.
The growth decreased by 4.45% compared to last year.
The main reason is the impact from the global economy.
The market demand is still weak during the first half of 2023.
As for the cost of sales and management, it is at 68 million yen.
The annual growth is down to 18.58%.
This is due to the improvement of the internal structure in the past two years.
There is also a reduction in the cost of management, which is the admin expense.
There is also an improvement in the efficiency of production.
For example, we use the autonomous system to improve the production of the factory.
Overall, we can reduce the cost by 15.58%.
The operating profit is at 49 million yen in the first half of 2023.
The annual growth has just increased by 188.19% compared to last year.
Overall, we have improved the internal structure and the efficiency of production.
Overall, the operating profit has grown significantly since last year.
The profit of the first half of 2023 is at 19 million yen.
The operating profit has grown from 0.48% to 0.88%.
The annual growth has increased by 77.79%.
This is due to the improvement of the internal structure in the past two years.
There is also an improvement in the efficiency of production.
Overall, we have improved the internal structure and the efficiency of production.
The operating profit is at 0.0032 million yen.
The annual growth has grown by 18.24%.
The operating profit is at 1.40%.
The annual growth has grown by 72.84%.
The operating profit is at 6.80%.
The annual growth has grown by 73.47%.
Overall, we have improved the internal structure.
Next, I would like to talk about the payment method.
In the past, the company had a policy to pay a fixed amount of payment.
This is a table that can be used as a reference for investors.
In the past eight years, we have paid a fixed amount of payment.
The rate is around 0.009 to 0.01.
In the past eight years, we have paid a fixed amount of payment.
This is a table that can be used as a reference for investors.
In the past eight years, we have paid a fixed amount of payment.
The rate is around 0.009 to 0.01.
The rate is around 0.01 to 0.01.
Next, I would like to talk about the product group.
In total, the sales volume from telecom is 19%.
The sales volume from computer products is 81%.
There are many types of products in the computer product group.
Now, please, we would like to invite our Vice Chairman to talk about the business outlook.
Thank you.
According to the World Bank Global Economic Prospect from July 2023,
it was showing that there are a deterioration of science and also losing expertise in the service and self-manufacturing activities.
The survey also declined manufacturing activity in some growing numbers of economics,
reflecting very high financial costs.
Also, excess inventory will become some problems in some sectors.
Also, according to the same report, the global financial condition has shown a firm risk sentiment.
So, while a growing number of emerging markets and developing economics,
central banks have recently paused the monetary titan or lowered the policy rate,
but the monetary policy has tightened further in most of the advanced economies in the second quarter of 2023.
We will continue to enhance and upgrade our automation and our industrial 4.0 factory system to be more competitive
and also to be more competitive to the other competitors.
And also, despite the global economic uncertainty, which I just mentioned in the previous page,
and also the flood consumption spending in the first half of 2023,
the company, our team has been very aggressive and very successfully implement new products,
such as small wearable device, pause machine, which support the company's growth momentum,
even given the world market demand as being sluggish for the entire 2023.
The company will also continue to pursue for new potential market and also new product,
such as EV charging station, IoT home security business, and lower earth orbit satellite product.
And these are the future trend for the product that we think it has a very promising future for the following years.
From the point of view of the higher monetary policy and the problem of lack of materials,
even though our foreign economy is still uncertain,
our company is still confident that we have the potential to compete with competitors.
We have been able to develop and improve our factory to the highest level of our capabilities,
whether it is autonomous or 4.0 industrial factory.
We also have new products coming in, whether it is wearable device, pause machine,
EV charging station, IoT home security business, lower earth orbit satellite product,
and other products that will come in the following years.
This is a section of the answer to the question from the investor.
So we would like to go to the next slide.
So we would like to go to the Q&A sections.
So please allow me to read some questions in Thai and then explain to the management in English.
Okay, let's start with the questions.
The first question is about the account receivable of Kimpo.
So an investor, they would like to ask that the account receivable from Kimpo is very high.
So why do you give so much credit for them and then not letting the Kimpo to pay faster?
Okay, well, thank you very much for the question.
We are trying to get as much business as possible as I mentioned in the previous page.
Our team, even given the worldwide economic situation is not doing well,
we are still gaining a lot of new product from our affiliate companies as well.
So I'm not legally allowed to comment on individual customer situation,
but we are certainly doing all we can and also try to shorten the account receivable length and date as much as possible.
But that all depends on how we negotiate with our customer.
And as you can see right now, even the first half of 2023, our revenue went down a little bit,
but then we are trying to cut down our SG&A costs and try to cut down other expense.
These are the efforts that I think our entire team members continue to do in order to become more competitive and more efficient companies.
So we will certainly continue to pursue and also ask our customer to be able to maintain or to improve their payment terms.
But at this point of time, these are the payment terms that we have been talking about.
We've been decided and their payment terms are also being not just to us, it's also from their customers as well.
So these are just the business decisions that we do need to make.
For a moment, Mr. President explained that the company, as we just presented,
we have a new company that will come in and produce.
Currently, we cannot comment on any customer.
But if we talk about the overall picture, I would say that the payment terms are for all of our customers and vendors.
It's a negotiation term.
The company will use the autonomous system to control other things or to reduce the expenses of the admins.
So overall, the company is still in good shape.
Talking about the payment terms, it's a general payment.
It's not a market term.
The next question is about the price of the market.
So the investor would like to ask that since the market price currently in Thailand is quite low,
will the company consider to cancel this capital increase because we may get only a little money from the capital increase,
but it will have a big impact to the share dilutions?
Yes, once again, thank you for the question.
We understand that currently the stock market pricing is not our most favorable pricing right now.
But as you can see from the video that Kun Tso showed to you,
there is a mass expansion that is required for Calcom Thailand to do in order to get more business and also to get new possible business opportunities.
So as a management team, we cannot really comment on what's the right price for our stock pricing.
What we can do is we try our best to perform, like I said, we try to cut our expense, try to cut our costs and try to improve our performance
and then in terms that we can have a better share dividend output or the payout in the future.
So right now we do need to have this new share release in order to gain the funding for building our new factory.
And that's a very critical mission for us right now.
So we would like to still continue to perform on this new share issuing and we hope all the shareholders can support us on this.
The next video that I am going to present to you is about the company's plan to expand its factory in Thailand.
So right now it is something that we need to do, we need to invest, we need to invest and we need to give the rights of our shareholders as a priority in order to protect the benefits of our shareholders.
So as a CEO, I would like to give you an additional explanation of what we are investing in in order to build and expand our factory.
So after this, we will be able to attract new customers, whether they are new products or new customers that will come into Thailand, into our company.
We will be able to generate more profit and we will be able to make a good profit for all stakeholders.
So right now, we would like the shareholders to see the company as one.
We will continue to do our best. Thank you.
Next, we have a question about the gross profit margin of the new factory. What would be the gross profit margin for the new factory as compared to the old factory?
Maybe Kunzo, you can help us to explain this, to share some of the information to our shareholders.
Okay, as I mentioned to everybody, we have an OEM manufacturing service company.
So whatever new factory or old factory, we will continue to implement our automation production system to reduce our cost.
So no matter new factory or old factory, we will try our best to improve our gross profit.
As Kunzo mentioned, we have an OEM manufacturing service company. So whatever new factory or old factory, we will continue to implement our automation production system to reduce our cost.
What we are doing right now, you can see from the presentation, we can reduce the cost of the company.
So this is the target that we want to continue to implement.
Sorry, we don't have time right now. If you have any questions, you can contact us via IR.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
