Hello, good afternoon, investors and corporates. Welcome to ZDigital Roadshow first quarter
2023 performance review. This section will run about 45 minutes including Q&A. Company
will start the section by 30-minute presentation followed by 15-minute Q&A. And during Q&A,
investors may leave your question in the meeting room chat box or use the raise your hand function.
We will open your microphone so you can ask the questions to the company directly.
So may I now invite Nirvana Development, Patrick Company Limited, to start the presentation,
please. Thank you. Thank you for the introduction.
Good afternoon, everyone. I want to ask back to report, actually maybe to update. I guess
we talked about the first quarter results about maybe a month or two ago. This is our regular
digital roadshow that we provide updates for those who may not be in Bangkok. Okay.
Let me put up the slides.
Okay. Hopefully the slideshow comes up properly. Okay. I guess what happened in the first quarter
was that we began to roll out our business plan. We opened, we launched one project out of total
nine new projects that we planned for the year. The response was quite well received.
The result, the performance seems to be picking up the momentum especially when you compare to the
prior quarter, which reflected in the financial statements. The outlook, we're still moving on
our business plan for the year. We still have eight more new projects to launch
with the firm backlogs in our pockets. Other than that, I'll just go into the detail.
This is basically a recap of what we have communicated widely, publicly that this year
will be a year that we would reap benefit from our asset base. After two or three years of
hibernation, I would say, we did a couple of things fundamentally. We did a big restructuring in
2021 in terms of balance sheet management, also in terms of shareholding structure as well.
And during 2022, which we were still slowed down by the pandemic, we did a couple of reforms,
acquired a few pieces of new land, raw material, as well as the product development.
I think if you follow us closely, you might have seen some brand new product, which we
will prepare to show in this presentation as well. So for reaping the value forward,
means nine projects earmarked for this year, about 21 billion baht in project values,
combined project values. Some new products coming in, particularly the very top end,
Novana Collection and Novana Absolute, and a return of Novana at Work home office product,
which we haven't launched new project for a while already. There would be a launch of two
high-rise condominiums as well. I will go into detail maybe toward the end of the presentation.
And lastly, Novana Porsche Lifestyle Mall. That would be a retail, commercial retail space
to basically fulfill the township development that we have planned for Phuket Greta.
Okay, a recap of nine projects, 21 billion baht. We plan to launch three single detached house
projects. Novana Collection, Novana Absolute, Novana Absolute in two locations, Phuket Greta
and Ekamai Ramintra. One townhouse project, Novana Define, is a new and improved product
that responds more to the change in behavior post the pandemic. Condominium, as I mentioned,
two high-rise, one in Ratanathibet area and one in the center of Bangkok CBD. And home office,
there would be about two or three projects coming up this year. In the first quarter, we launched
our Novana Absolute in the second location of this series. If you remember, I think in the
second half of last year, we launched Novana Absolute in Bangna. But this one is in Ekamai Ramintra.
It's not a very big project, but the product itself fits in this area very, very well.
The response was quite encouraging. Although the number doesn't seem so big,
but the pace of sales, basically we're about over 40% in the first quarter during the launch,
the first weekend actually at the launch. So it's a brand new series of single houses. If you notice
that the second story has an outdoor area with green trees and double volume all the way up to
the third floor with some concrete blocks that give you some sort of privacy rather than normal
veranda or a balcony. So this is what we put out into the market. This is the way,
the other view of it, looking out from the inside of the house, you can see that you can actually
use the outdoor space with the privacy that you might need. And indoor, there would be some,
I guess, if you have Japanese space, this would be a dining table. But for us here in Thailand,
it could be used as a living area, be used for working from home area. You can imagine that
when you do a conference call online, there would be no one walking in the back.
So you get that professional look through your online teleconferencing.
This is basically the, we picked some pictures of the launch date. So it was quite well received,
as I mentioned, about almost 50%. So, you know, in one weekend.
Operationally, as I mentioned, we launched only one to start off with during the first quarter,
during the first quarter, three projects coming up this quarter. And so we total
project, total active projects about 12 projects. The pre-sales from the beginning of,
yeah, during the first quarter is about a billion baht. Revenue was not that strong,
but comparing to the prior quarter is a good sign, good recovery after sobering from the
pandemic effect. To recap of those 12 active projects, as I mentioned, the total backlog
combining with the carrying forward backlog from the end of the year, plus the new pre-sales,
minus the transfer, we net at about almost 1.3 billion baht in terms of backlogs. The 12 projects
combined estimate around 12.5 billion baht available for sales.
Out of the 1 billion baht pre-sales, you can see that the pre-sale pace is roughly around the same
as the fourth quarter. As a small remark that we had not opened, had not launched new projects
for the past, I would say, almost nine quarters. During the pandemic, we lay low. We adjust more
fundamentals so that we could survive and stay afloat. So we were forced to
sales whatever left in the portfolio. And basically those old projects that are running
in the background. But we started to launch new projects in the fourth quarter of 2022.
That's how we achieved the 1 billion baht roughly pre-sales quarter,
which is a good sign. That means customer base is still there. When we come back to the market,
the response was quite well received. And as we continue to launch new projects in the past,
in the next three quarters of this year, we expect the pace to pick up.
In terms of revenue, if you look on the overall basis, you can see that
it drops quite significantly. But if you look more into detail, which is the gray area,
the lighter shade and the darker shade, you can see that especially the darker shade is the sales
of real estates, meaning all those residential units that we transferred in the past quarter
and the quarter in the prior year. You could see that the momentum is picking up.
A small remark. In the first quarter of 2022, there was about 634 million baht in terms of
revenue. That was part of our, I would say, last activities in terms of balance sheet reform that
we have been talking about. We sell some piece of land bank, high potential land bank, to diversify
into other areas, as well as penetrating into new markets, which we were not able to penetrate
before. That's something that we have talked over many times already. I might not cover that in
detail. Financial results is basically, I kind of summarized that already, but maybe I'll pick
a few points here that I talked about it. The top line we talked about, the revenue from
construction contracts. I guess I'll expand on this a little bit. This line is basically
coming from construction, home construction service, because the way we sell the house,
part of our projects are built to order. Customers buy houses in two contracts, land purchase, as well
as home building construction contract. This line is basically the revenue that comes in from
construction of those built to order units. They come in installments. In the past, this line was
also revenue coming from our OEM service that we provide to other developers. We go out and build
houses using our pre-cast capabilities that we acquired through DAI Group. We use that capacity
to help prop up revenue on the construction service as well. The thing that has changed for
this year is that with the nine new projects that we are launching, we need all those capacities
to do it ourselves internally. That's why if you compare to the first quarter last year, you could
see a drop, because revenue from this line is basically from our own built to order units,
or what we call turnkey solution projects, which are all built to order houses.
The gross margin comes back to the more or less normal level, 34 percent, mid-30s,
as opposed to the first quarter last year, which was normally high because of that
land transaction, as I mentioned earlier. Distribution costs are basically in line with
revenue, but maybe slightly more because we are doing some more marketing activities for the
new projects that we are launching. Other than that, maybe financial costs,
it's much, much lower than prior year. That's basically a counting effect. When you start
developing the land, all those interest payments go back to being recognized as
basically interest capitalization, as opposed to being recognized as interest expense. That's the
only difference. We pay the same interest, different accounting treatment.
In terms of assets, I guess asset base hasn't changed that much from last year,
at the end of last year. Maybe only one line that has changed was the short-term loan to others.
That basically is a result of our strategic move to basically decide to apply the remaining 30
percent of Nobuna River, which is the asset holder for Banyan Tree Residences River site.
We become 100 percent owned of that project, which is also reflected here in the liability
and the equity side as well. I'll expand a little bit more on that. I guess
70 percent, the additional 30 percent that we acquired, the reason why I called it strategic
was that it was a mutual agreement with the partner that he wanted to exit, while we want
maybe a little bit more free-handed to manage the last 25 to 30 percent of the Banyan Tree
Residences inventory. This acquisition has some effect obviously on the asset side,
as well as on the equity side. The reduction in the non-controlling interest, that's what I'm
referring to, 341 million baht. That minority interest was eliminated because of the fact that
we own 100 percent of Nobuna River. That's basically it. The liabilities, I guess,
in total numbers, not much change, but in terms of mix of the debt portfolio, we got two new
debenture bonds, 950 million baht. 450, 465 varying about 6.4 percent coupon rate
due in 2024. The other 485 million baht, 6.7 percent coupon rate due in 2025.
So, that brings our net interest-bearing debt-to-equity up a little bit to 1.3.
As we mentioned our loan, I guess 1.1 was maybe a bit too low for a real estate company
that we are not leveraging enough. This is climbing back up a little bit.
In terms of outlook, the blue circles are the new projects that we plan to launch. We launch
two, which I'll cover in pictures in subsequent slides. This month, there will be another new
project, which is the high-rise in Rattanathibet, namely the most condominium. I guess the second
condominium under this brand basically is reaching down a little bit further into the
market that we were not addressing before.
Let's take back a little bit. The first two
land at residential that we relaunched was Nwanathifine in Kunkeprita. It's actually the
second project in the Kunkeprita area. We launched the first Nwanathifine project in the Kunkeprita
area, I think in 2018, with about 170 plus units. We are now down to the last, I think,
under 20 units now. We want to keep this product in that area, so we acquired a smaller plot of
land and built a new Nwanathifine in the Kunkeprita area to continue that product mix
in Kunkeprita, which is our direction of doing township development in that area.
Nwana Absolute Kunkeprita was also launched last month. As I mentioned, now we have three
locations of Nwana Absolute. If you are a fan of Nwana Beyond, you could kind of relate very closely
to this new product. Basically, it's the same DNA of Nwana Beyond, but maybe a little bit less
in terms of decorations, for the lack of better words. It's more simplified. It's more
– what do you call it – less decoration, I guess. That's what I can think of right now.
But functionalities and space and the creativity in terms of design,
wind flow, blah, blah, it's still there. So being less decorated, price point could be
brought down so that we can have – reach down further into the customer spectrum on the bottom
side. Nwana Absolute Kunkeprita is a sizable project, about almost 2.4 billion baht in
project value, 127 units. So it is the largest of the first three Nwana Absolute series.
As you can see, the price range is about 11 to 20 million baht, as opposed to Nwana Beyond now is
25 to 40, 40 plus million baht. So you can see the difference in the price range.
This is just a picture of the launch day. And also, Nwana Defy, which I just talked about earlier,
this is the new and improved series. Prior to this, we did not have a roof garden like this,
but we realized that the pandemic has changed behavior somewhat. And even now,
I think some companies still make it optional for employees, for staff to work from home.
So we create all these spaces that provide that kind of flexibility. It's not just a rooftop
that you cannot actually use. This one, you can actually go out, you can have a garden,
you can do barbecue with your friends. You actually have a small air-conditioned room
on maybe one third of the floor plate on your rooftop, as you can see in the picture here.
So it's a new and improved product that we put out.
This is a look of the rooftop garden from the inside.
This is the indoor air-conditioned area, which I was talking about. This is a real picture,
not a perspective. This is the launch date. You can see that the fan base is coming back
as we open, as we launch a new project. Quite encouraging for us, actually,
when we come back to the market and the customer base is coming back to visit us.
This one is actually the top end of the product spectrum. We originally planned to launch it
within the second quarter, but I think right now, I think the team might want to shift it out a
little bit, maybe into the third quarter. But basically, it's the ultra luxury residences
segment. Three-story houses. Let's see if I have a bit more. No, no, no. I guess the team doesn't
want to steal the show before the product launch. Basically, it's a three-story houses,
but the size is about maybe double or triple of the one at Beyond. We're talking about 1,000
square meters of living space, so you have all the facilities rooms that you might imagine
in your own house. Spa room, living room, of course, but bedroom, bar room,
plenty of parking space, not only for your car, but also for your supercars.
The price range for this would be about 80 to 150 million baht. This would be
the crown jewel of the Nirvana Cowship Prunthepritha. It's the very top end. We put out this
as we believe that the very top end of the spectrum would be less impacted by any uncertainties in
terms of economic development. Our stronghold in terms of target market is in this segment already,
if you can relate Nirvana beyond. This is even higher. It's the ultra luxury segment as opposed
to value luxury segment, which I refer to Nirvana absolute. Those are for maybe more
value of money. That's probably the word I was looking for earlier.
I guess we would get to see the real thing in the next one or two months.
I think in the last part of June, there will be launched for this the most Ratana event.
Again, this is, I would say, second high-rise condominium for Nirvana. We are still very much
landed residential developer. We want to stay that way also. To have a better mix of revenues
and margins and customer base, we think that we should have some flavors of high-rise condominium
as well as a mix. But our condominium is not like other developers. Not necessarily
has to be next to the SkyTrain. We identify area that there's enough communities in that area.
The first, the most, condominium was in Isarapath area. That one was chosen because of Sivagrad
Hospital. We think that the medical personnel, including the students in that area, as well as
the families of those who are hospitalized in the Sivagrad Hospital, would need some sort of
dwelling space close enough to the hospital. That's why we acquired that land. We put out
a low-rise condominium and we practically sold out already for that condominium.
This one in Ratanathipet is a bit different. Not in the medical personnel, but more or less
of the existing communities surrounding the Ministry of Commerce in that area. It's quite
populated. It's quite dense. But there's not much, I wouldn't say no, but there's not much
high-rise residential available in that area. We decided to utilize this land, which has been on
our balance sheet for, I think, already about five or six years during the M&A acquisition with
Daith Group. We're developing into what we call a dual-space condominium. You would have the sense
of two stories living in maybe about 80 to 90 square meters living space. There'll be a loft
that you can put up your bed up front, I mean on top. You can have a living space on the bottom
floor. With the double-space high ceiling, you get that wide area, which is more or less more
breathing room for you during your relaxation days in your own space. This would be about
five billion baht in terms of project value. It will be launched, I think, in the last week of June.
I guess the team has tried to come up with 100 functions, 100 lifetimes. So basically,
what they mean is that there would be plenty of activities in the facilities that you can
use. You name it, all those sports, all those running, all those lane, all those swimming
pool, fitness, and maybe badminton court, or maybe even barbecue space on the high floor
that you can go up and bring your friends and go barbecue on the top floor.
Those are the kind of facilities that we will put up to the customers. You can see that,
I guess, you can take 5.3 billion baht divided by the total of about 1.8 billion baht.
You can see that the entry level to Punnawana product has been brought down through this
condominium. I guess since the inception, Punnawana was built based on a very specific target,
which is basically the segment that we call in real estate is the high-end segment.
So I think we feel that we left out some customers who might want to enjoy
Punnawana product, Punnawana DNA. They cannot afford, let's say, Punnawana Beyond or even
Punnawana Define, which is about 8 million baht townhouse. But this one is about 2 or 3 million
baht condominium unit, double space, Punnawana DNA. The whole enchilada is put into this about
80 to 90 square meters. It's an opportunity for those who might appreciate Punnawana products to
be able to enter into our Punnawana world. As for the administrative issues, I guess,
dividends is all done. We paid last month already, the year was about 3%. We have to retain some cash
to roll out the new project, as we mentioned. So the dividend is about 3%, which I think hopefully
is more acceptable for the shareholder base that we have. More importantly, probably, is the name
change. Nirvana Dayi was our name when Nirvana entered into the stock exchange, I would say.
Originally, we were called Nirvana Development already, prior to listing. It's a pure development
company. But M&A in 2017, when it was finalized, early 2017, we do an M&A with a listed company,
Dayi Group. So after the M&A, we changed Dayi Group into Nirvana Dayi. But now, the change back
to the Nirvana Development name is basically, we want to send the signal back to the market that
we want to refocus in development. If you follow Nirvana closely, you would see that
asset base is very, very much in qualities, high potential. But
the pandemic slowed us down for almost three years. We were not able to utilize those asset base.
In conjunction with this name change, in conjunction with the business direction that we
want to launch nine new projects in one year, highest in our history is basically the same
message that we want to send to the investment communities that we want to come back and focus
on development. The capacities that we have coming through Dayi Group would be used to support
ourselves in terms of development more than we use the extra capacities to provide service to
the others as we might have been in the past five years. The session has come to an end.
So on behalf of the Stock Exchange of Thailand, I would like to thank you investors and corporate
for joining the conference. We look forward to welcome you all again in the next quarter.
Thank you very much and have a good day.
Thank you so much. Goodbye.
Thank you.
